treewide: Remove nRF Cloud Alerts from NCS (#28276)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/cellular/nrf_cloud_coap_device_message/README.rst

The nRF Cloud CoAP device message sample demonstrates how to use the `nRF Cloud CoAP API`_ to send `device messages <nRF Cloud Device Messages_>`_.
Every button press sends a message to nRF Cloud.

> It demonstrates the use of the :ref:`lib_nrf_cloud_log` library. It sends a log message indicating the sample version when the button is pressed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The sample uses the :ref:`lib_nrf_cloud_log` library.
When a button is pressed, it sends a log message indicating the sample version.
```
